Thank you for waiting.
Let's go.
Of course. We're waiting.
Please get on.
I'm already on.
Where is this train going?
It's going to the end.
You're a good hitter.
It's a good thing to go to the end.
Where is it going to stop?
It's a cable car.
I'm sorry.
I can't fight.
Please do it.
I'm in a hurry.
Music, start.
I'm a good hitter.
I see.
It's a good train.
It's funny.
It's funny, but it's shaking.
It's shaking.
Hey, it's going to fly.
What happened?
It's going to fly.
But please don't listen to me.
There was a person who died on this train.
First,
three cars flew over.
Don't do anything stupid.
Stop the train.
Stop it.
I'm going to stop it.
I was surprised.
I was wondering what would happen.
It's a good thing.
Isn't there any music that's more relaxing?
You're a noisy customer today.
Let's go to the relaxing music.
It's a good train.
Let's go to another one.
Let's go to the relaxing music.
I see.
It's shaking.
What's wrong?
What's going on?
First, I don't know if it's running or stopping.
There's a sound.
What's wrong?
Yes.
This music is a song from a boat.
It's pulling the train.
I was surprised.
I think everyone is different.
I wonder if you understand.
It's a more relaxing music.
I understand.
The train is a little busy.
The customers are coming.
I can't do anything with this.
I don't even have a day off.
I'm tired.
I killed three people.